README.md, before:

S'Up for Slack
==============

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dblock/slack-sup.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dblock/slack-sup)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/dblock/slack-sup.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/dblock/slack-sup)

### What's This?

The most valuable relationships are not made of two people, they’re made of three. A third person will always stabilize and grow the relationship between the other two. It’s called a [triad](http://www.culturesync.net/toolbox/intro-to-triads), and the more you create, the stronger your network.

This bot passively generates fresh triads of company members to meet every week in an informal standup, or S'Up.

### Install

We host the bot at [sup.playplay.io](https://sup.playplay.io).

<a href="http://sup.playplay.io"><img alt="Add to Slack" height="40" width="139" src="https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack.png" srcset="https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack.png 1x, https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack@2x.png 2x" /></a>

### History

S'Up was first introduced at [Artsy](https://www.artsy.net). This is a fresh rewrite of [artsy/sup](https://github.com/artsy/sup) for Slack teams.

### Copyright & License

Copyright [Daniel Doubrovkine](http://code.dblock.org), 2017

[MIT License](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Added Artsy generous support info.

README.md, after:

S'Up for Slack
==============

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dblock/slack-sup.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dblock/slack-sup)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/dblock/slack-sup.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/dblock/slack-sup)

### What's This?

The most valuable relationships are not made of two people, they’re made of three. A third person will always stabilize and grow the relationship between the other two. It’s called a [triad](http://www.culturesync.net/toolbox/intro-to-triads), and the more you create, the stronger your network.

This bot passively generates fresh triads of company members to meet every week in an informal standup, or S'Up.

### Install

We host the bot at [sup.playplay.io](https://sup.playplay.io).

<a href="http://sup.playplay.io"><img alt="Add to Slack" height="40" width="139" src="https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack.png" srcset="https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack.png 1x, https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack@2x.png 2x" /></a>

### History

S'Up for Slack is made possible with the generous support of team [Artsy](https://www.artsy.net). This is a fresh rewrite of [artsy/sup](https://github.com/artsy/sup) for Slack teams during [ArtsyOpenSource](http://artsy.github.io) Hackathon 5.0.

### Copyright & License

Copyright [Daniel Doubrovkine](http://code.dblock.org), 2017

[MIT License](LICENSE)
